Dexcom G5
=========

#. Install xDrip+. See the "Getting Started" section for details.
#. Launch xDrip+ from your app drawer.
#. Accept the terms of use.
#. Tap the menu icon in the upper left (3 lines) and tap "Settings".

#. Tap "Hardware Data Source" and select "G5 Transmitter"
#. Enter the full transmitter ID in the "Dexcom Transmitter ID" section.
#. TRIPLE CHECK the ID, it will simply never work if this is wrong.
#. There are a number of G5 specific options to choose from. They include:

  * Try OB1 G5 Collector (try this one first)
  * Scan for G5 Constantly
  * Force G5 to UI Thread
  * Authenticate G5 before each read. This setting MUST be checked for all transmitters manufactured after November 2016.
  * Unbond G5 before each read
  * Use calibrated data as source

#. Start with all of these options UNCHECKED (except #4).
#. If you have unreliable readings, try "Scan for G5 Constantly" first and then then try "Force G5 to UI Thread" - both together and seperately.
#. If readings are still intermittent, continue to try different combinations. A reboot is recommended between changes if possible.
#. Go to "Settings" > "Less Common Settings" > "Other misc options", and check "Run Collection in foreground". This will prevent Android from shutting down xDrip+'s background services.
#. Hit the back button on your phone until you reach the home page.
#. Open the menu (3 lines) and select "Start Sensor".
#. Change the time & date as needed, and then scroll down to "START SENSOR".
#. If necessary, return to the Home Screen by pressing the back button on your phone.
#. Wait 8 minutes, then open the menu again and tap "System Status".
#. If all went well, you will see your transmitter ID listed in the "Bluetooth Device" section.

  * If nothing is listed, be sure that the transmitter entered is currently being worn and is close by.
  * If it is brand new, please wait an additional 20 minutes and recheck the System Status.
  * If "Bluetooth Device" does not populate, please see the troubleshooting section at the bottom of this page for help.
 

#. Once your transmitter ID is shown in the "Bluetooth Device" field, wait an additional 10-20 minutes, then tap the menu icon and look for "Add Double Calibration". This indicates that the app is acquiring sensor data as expected. If not, please wait up to 30 minutes, checking for "Add Double Calibration" every 8 minutes. Please see the troubleshooting section if "Add Double Calibration" does not appear.
#. Once you enter the two initial calibrations, CONGRATULATIONS! You have now successfully connected your Dexcom G5 transmitter with xDrip+.

################
Troubleshooting:

Android bluetooth reliability varies widely between devices. There are too many differences in handsets and OS versions to guarantee sucess across many devices. 

The primary troubleshooting process any time things aren't working right:

#. REBOOT PHONE
#. "Restart Collector" in xDrip+ System Status and wait a few reads to see if the phone & G5 are commuicating properly.
Try a combination of G5 settings, on/off.
#. Look at the BT phone guide and see if your phone (or similar model/OS is listed and try the appropriate settings).

 * https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cppf39g5eU6XHYaFLX8PotgrEwe6zraECYVLQum5q_E/edit
 
##########
Resources:

 * http://www.nightscout.info/wiki/welcome/nightscout-with-xdrip-and-dexcom-share-wireless
 * http://www.nightscout.info/DIYSupport

Post questions in the "xDrip G5" or "CGM in the Cloud" Facebook groups (always start in the xDrip G5 group).
If you need help, please include a screenshot of the following:

 #. From the xDrip+ app, tap the Menu button and select "Settings".
 #. Scroll down to "Less Common Settings" and tap it.
 #. Tap "View Recent Errors & Warnings", and select "Mid" and "High".
 #. Take a photograph or screenshot (Google how for your specific device) and post it along with a detailed description of your prolem in the xDrip G5 Facebook group.
 
**IMPORTANT:** IF you cannot get it work, PLEASE RETURN TO YOUR PREVIOUS METHOD (iPhone app, receiver, etc).
